readme.md, before:

# <img src="extension/icon.png" width="45" align="left"> Refined GitHub [![Chrome version][badge-cws]][link-cws] [![Firefox version][badge-amo]][link-amo] [![Deployment][badge-travis]][link-travis]

[badge-cws]: https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf.svg?label=chrome
[badge-amo]: https://img.shields.io/amo/v/refined-github-.svg?label=firefox
[badge-travis]: https://img.shields.io/travis/sindresorhus/refined-github/master.svg?label=deployment
[link-cws]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/refined-github/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf "Version published on Chrome Web Store"
[link-amo]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/refined-github-/ "Version published on Mozilla Add-ons"
[link-travis]: https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/refined-github

> Browser extension that simplifies the GitHub interface and adds useful features

**Discuss it on [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/refined-github)** 🦄

We use GitHub a lot and notice many dumb annoyances we'd like to fix. So here be dragons.

Our hope is that GitHub will notice and implement some of these much needed improvements. So if you like any of these improvements, please email [GitHub support](mailto:support@github.com) about doing it.

GitHub Enterprise is also supported by [authorizing your own domain in the options](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/pull/450). This is supported in Chrome and Firefox 55+ (to be released in August 2017).

- **[What's new lately](https://blog.sindresorhus.com/whats-new-in-refined-github-836d05582df7)**
- [Original announcement](https://blog.sindresorhus.com/refined-github-21185789685d)

## Install

- [**Chrome** extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/refined-github/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf)
- [**Firefox** add-on](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/refined-github-/)
- Opera - Use [this Opera extension](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/download-chrome-extension-9/) to install the Chrome version.

## Highlights

<table>
	<tr>
		<th>
			Dashboard cleanup
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27985638-029024f8-63ef-11e7-8487-5e999108bb56.gif">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
		<th width="50%">
			Mark issues and pull requests as unread<br>
			<em>(They will reappear in Notifications)</em>
		</th>
		<th width="50%">
			Preserves the original Markdown when you copy text from comments
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<img width="245" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27847663-963b7d7c-6171-11e7-9470-6e86d8463771.png">
		</td>
		<td>
			<img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501181-0485c5d0-586c-11e7-91ad-2d0a3537b0e2.gif">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
		<th width="50%">
			Reaction avatars
		</th>
		<th width="50%">
			Moves destructive buttons in commenting forms away from the primary button
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<img src="media/screenshot-reactions.png">
		</td>
		<td>
			<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27985285-a5464fb2-63e8-11e7-8c01-f33bb7ad78ba.png">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">
			Linkifies issue/PR references in code, comments and titles
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="500px"><!-- 50% will collapse the table around <th> -->
			<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/25370217/61718820-29b3-11e7-89c5-2959eaf8cac8.png">
		</td>
		<td width="500px">
			<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13597190/bd487ec4-e549-11e5-9521-419fa284512c.png">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>


### New Features

- Copy canonical link to file when [the `y` hotkey](https://help.github.com/articles/getting-permanent-links-to-files/) is used
- Supports indenting with the tab key in textareas like the comment box (<kbd>Shift</kbd> <kbd>Tab</kbd> for original behavior)
- [Uses the pull request title as commit title when merging with 'Squash and merge'](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/276)

### More actions

- [Linkifies branch references in pull requests](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/1)
- [Adds a quick edit button and a link to the latest release to the readme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501200-31a1fa20-586c-11e7-9a3f-ce270014bf0a.png)
- [Adds a shortcut to quickly delete a forked repo](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13520281/b2c9335c-e211-11e5-9e36-b0f325166356.png)
- [Adds option to view diffs without whitespace changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/17603894/7b71a166-6013-11e6-81b8-22950ab8bce3.png) *(<kbd>d</kbd> <kbd>w</kbd> hotkey)*
- [Adds a 'Copy' button to the file view](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/14453865/8abeaefe-00c1-11e6-8718-9406cee1dc0d.png)
- [Adds `Copy` button to gist files](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/21074840/5dc37578-bf03-11e6-9fd9-501d73edef87.png)
- [Adds `Copy` button for file paths to pull request diffs](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4201088/26023064/18c9c77c-37d2-11e7-8926-b0a05a2706ae.png)
- [Adds links to patch and diff for each commit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/737065/13605562/22faa79e-e516-11e5-80db-2da6aa7965ac.png)

### More info at a glance

- [Makes file headers sticky underneath the pull request header](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81981/28682784-78bac340-72fe-11e7-9386-bdbab7703693.gif)
- [Shows user's full name in comments](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/16172068/0a67b98c-3580-11e6-92f0-6fc930ee17d1.png)
- [Differentiates merge commits from regular commits](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/14101222/2fe2c24a-f5bd-11e5-8b1f-4e589917d4c4.png)
- [Adds labels to comments by the original poster](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4331946/25075520/d62fbbd0-2316-11e7-921f-ab736dc3522e.png)

### Declutter

- Hides other users starring/forking your repos from the news feed ([optional](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27267240-9d2e18c8-54d9-11e7-8a64-971af9e066f3.png))
- Moves the dashboard organization switcher to the right column
- Removes annoying hover effect in the repo file browser
- Removes the comment box toolbar
- Removes tooltips
- Removes the "Projects" repo tab when there are no projects (New projects can be created on the "Settings" tab)

### UI improvements

- [Improves readability of tab indented code](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/14170088/d3be931e-f755-11e5-8edf-c5f864336382.png)
- [Aligns labels to the left in Issues and PRs lists](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/28006237-070b8214-6581-11e7-94bc-2b01a007d00b.png)
- Prompts you when pressing `Cancel` on an inline comment in case it was a mistake
- Easier copy-pasting from diffs by making +/- signs unselectable
- Automagically expands the news feed when you scroll down
- Shows the reactions popover on hover instead of click
- Changes the default sort order of milestones to "Closest due date"

And [lots](extension/content.css) [more...](src/content.js)

### More shortcuts

- [Adds a 'Releases' tab to repos](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13136797/16d3f0ea-d64f-11e5-8a45-d771c903038f.png) *(<kbd>g</kbd> <kbd>r</kbd> hotkey)*
- [Adds a 'Compare' tab to repos](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501134-cf0a2a18-586b-11e7-8430-22f33030e923.png)
- [Adds navigation to milestone pages](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/25217211/37b67aea-25d0-11e7-8482-bead2b04ee74.png)
- [Adds search filter for 'Everything commented by you'](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501170-f394a304-586b-11e7-92d8-d92d6922356b.png)
- [Adds `Yours` button to Issues/Pull Requests page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501189-1b914bbe-586c-11e7-8e1e-b3ffd8b767fa.png)
- [Condenses long URLs into references like _user/repo/.file@`d71718d`_](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27252232-8fdf8ed0-538b-11e7-8f19-12d317c9cd32.png)
- Adds a `Trending` link to the global navbar. *(<kbd>g</kbd> <kbd>t</kbd> hotkey)*

### Previously part of Refined GitHub

- ~~[Adds blame links for parent commits in blame view](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/2#issuecomment-189141373)~~ [Implemented by GitHub](https://github.com/blog/2304-navigate-file-history-faster-with-improved-blame-view)
- ~~[Adds ability to collapse/expand files in a pull request diff](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13954167/40caa604-f072-11e5-89ba-3145217c4e28.png)~~ [Implemented by GitHub](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/25772137/6a6b678e-3296-11e7-97c7-02e31ef17743.png)


### Community tweaks

*Stuff that didn't get included, but might be useful.*

- [Quickly edit files in the repo file browser](https://github.com/devkhan/refined-github/commit/51fdf4998fc9392950e932e18018fda870f34666)


## Contribute

We're happy to receive suggestions and contributions, but be aware this is a highly opinionated project. There's [a single commonly-requested option](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27267240-9d2e18c8-54d9-11e7-8a64-971af9e066f3.png) but we're not interested in adding more as it's a slippery slope into adding one for everything. Users will always disagree with something. That being said, we're open to discussing things.


## Customization

While this project is highly opinionated, this doesn't necessarily limit you from manually disabling functionality that is not useful for your workflow. Options include:

1. *(CSS Only)* Use a Chrome extension that allows injecting custom styles into sites, based on a URL pattern. [Stylist](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylish/fjnbnpbmkenffdnngjfgmeleoegfcffe?hl=en) is one such tool. [Example](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/136#issuecomment-204072018)

2. Clone the repository, make the adjustments you need, and [load the unpacked extension in Chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted#unpacked), rather than installing from the Chrome Store.


## Development

To run it locally, you'll need to build it with:

```sh
# Build once
npm run build
```

```sh
# Build every time a file changes
npm run watch
```

Once built, load it in the browser.

### Chrome

1. Visit `chrome://extensions/` in Chrome
2. Enable the **Developer mode**
3. Click on **Load unpacked extension**
4. Select the folder `extension`

### Firefox

1. Visit `about:debugging#addons` in Firefox
2. Click on **Load Temporary Add-on**
3. Select the file `extension/manifest.json`


## Related

- [Refined Wikipedia](https://github.com/ismamz/refined-wikipedia) - Like this, but for Wikipedia
- [Notifier for GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/notifier-for-github-chrome) - Shows your notification unread count
- [Hide Files on GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/hide-files-on-github) - Hides dotfiles from the file browser
- [Show All GitHub Issues](https://github.com/sindresorhus/show-all-github-issues) - Shows both Issues and Pull Requests in the Issues tab
- [Contributors on GitHub](https://github.com/hzoo/contributors-on-github) - Shows stats about contributors
- [Twitter for GitHub](https://github.com/bevacqua/twitter-for-github) - Shows a user's Twitter handle on their profile page
- [GifHub](https://github.com/DrewML/GifHub) - Quickly insert GIFs in comments
- [Octo Linker](https://github.com/octo-linker/chrome-extension/) - Navigate across files and packages
- [Awesome browser extensions for GitHub](https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github) - Awesome list
- [OctoEdit](https://github.com/DrewML/OctoEdit) - Markdown syntax highlighting in comments
- [GitHub Clean Feed](https://github.com/bfred-it/github-clean-feed) - Group news feed events by repo
- [Do Not Merge WIP for GitHub](https://github.com/sanemat/do-not-merge-wip-for-github) - Prevents merging of incomplete PRs

Want more? Here are some ideas you could develop!

- [Notification Previews for GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/module-requests/issues/100)
- [Format JS code blocks with Prettier](https://github.com/sindresorhus/module-requests/issues/99)
- [Customize the font of code blocks](https://github.com/sindresorhus/module-requests/issues/97)


## Created by

- [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus)
- [Haralan Dobrev](https://github.com/hkdobrev)
- [Paul Molluzzo](https://github.com/paulmolluzzo)
- [Andrew Levine](https://github.com/DrewML)
- [Kees Kluskens](https://github.com/SpaceK33z)
- [Jonas Gierer](https://github.com/jgierer12)
- [Federico Brigante](https://github.com/bfred-it)
- [Contributors…](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/graphs/contributors)


## License

MIT

Commit message:

FEAT: add ability to link to jira issues

readme.md, after:

# <img src="extension/icon.png" width="45" align="left"> Refined GitHub [![Chrome version][badge-cws]][link-cws] [![Firefox version][badge-amo]][link-amo] [![Deployment][badge-travis]][link-travis]
**IMPORTANT**

This fork add:

- The ability to link jira issues in PR titles, so they are clickable and take you directly to the issue
- Include a prebuild version of the extension for chrome:

**TODO: Convert to links also the patterns found in PR description.**

## To install:

- [Download extension](extension.zip);
- Unzip it to a folder in your local filesystem
- go to `chrome://extensions` in your browsers
- click on `Developer mode`
- Click on `Load unpacked extension`
- Select the folder `extension` you just unzip
- Reload any github page you have opened


If everything goes well now links will be clickable and will take you directly to the jira page for Reva. Enjoy!

![example 1](s1.png)
![example 2](s2.png)

# <img src="extension/icon.png" width="45" align="left"> Refined GitHub

[badge-cws]: https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf.svg?label=chrome
[badge-amo]: https://img.shields.io/amo/v/refined-github-.svg?label=firefox
[badge-travis]: https://img.shields.io/travis/sindresorhus/refined-github/master.svg?label=deployment
[link-cws]: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/refined-github/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf "Version published on Chrome Web Store"
[link-amo]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/refined-github-/ "Version published on Mozilla Add-ons"
[link-travis]: https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/refined-github

> Browser extension that simplifies the GitHub interface and adds useful features

**Discuss it on [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/refined-github)** 🦄

We use GitHub a lot and notice many dumb annoyances we'd like to fix. So here be dragons.

Our hope is that GitHub will notice and implement some of these much needed improvements. So if you like any of these improvements, please email [GitHub support](mailto:support@github.com) about doing it.

GitHub Enterprise is also supported by [authorizing your own domain in the options](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/pull/450). This is supported in Chrome and Firefox 55+ (to be released in August 2017).

- **[What's new lately](https://blog.sindresorhus.com/whats-new-in-refined-github-836d05582df7)**
- [Original announcement](https://blog.sindresorhus.com/refined-github-21185789685d)

## Install

- [**Chrome** extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/refined-github/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf)
- [**Firefox** add-on](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/refined-github-/)
- Opera - Use [this Opera extension](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/download-chrome-extension-9/) to install the Chrome version.

## Highlights

<table>
	<tr>
		<th>
			Dashboard cleanup
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27985638-029024f8-63ef-11e7-8487-5e999108bb56.gif">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
		<th width="50%">
			Mark issues and pull requests as unread<br>
			<em>(They will reappear in Notifications)</em>
		</th>
		<th width="50%">
			Preserves the original Markdown when you copy text from comments
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<img width="245" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27847663-963b7d7c-6171-11e7-9470-6e86d8463771.png">
		</td>
		<td>
			<img width="400" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501181-0485c5d0-586c-11e7-91ad-2d0a3537b0e2.gif">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
		<th width="50%">
			Reaction avatars
		</th>
		<th width="50%">
			Moves destructive buttons in commenting forms away from the primary button
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td>
			<img src="media/screenshot-reactions.png">
		</td>
		<td>
			<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27985285-a5464fb2-63e8-11e7-8c01-f33bb7ad78ba.png">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

<table>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">
			Linkifies issue/PR references in code, comments and titles
		</th>
	</tr>
	<tr><!-- Prevent zebra stripes --></tr>
	<tr>
		<td width="500px"><!-- 50% will collapse the table around <th> -->
			<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/25370217/61718820-29b3-11e7-89c5-2959eaf8cac8.png">
		</td>
		<td width="500px">
			<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13597190/bd487ec4-e549-11e5-9521-419fa284512c.png">
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>


### New Features

- Copy canonical link to file when [the `y` hotkey](https://help.github.com/articles/getting-permanent-links-to-files/) is used
- Supports indenting with the tab key in textareas like the comment box (<kbd>Shift</kbd> <kbd>Tab</kbd> for original behavior)
- [Uses the pull request title as commit title when merging with 'Squash and merge'](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/276)

### More actions

- [Linkifies branch references in pull requests](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/1)
- [Adds a quick edit button and a link to the latest release to the readme](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501200-31a1fa20-586c-11e7-9a3f-ce270014bf0a.png)
- [Adds a shortcut to quickly delete a forked repo](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13520281/b2c9335c-e211-11e5-9e36-b0f325166356.png)
- [Adds option to view diffs without whitespace changes](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/17603894/7b71a166-6013-11e6-81b8-22950ab8bce3.png) *(<kbd>d</kbd> <kbd>w</kbd> hotkey)*
- [Adds a 'Copy' button to the file view](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/14453865/8abeaefe-00c1-11e6-8718-9406cee1dc0d.png)
- [Adds `Copy` button to gist files](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/21074840/5dc37578-bf03-11e6-9fd9-501d73edef87.png)
- [Adds `Copy` button for file paths to pull request diffs](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4201088/26023064/18c9c77c-37d2-11e7-8926-b0a05a2706ae.png)
- [Adds links to patch and diff for each commit](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/737065/13605562/22faa79e-e516-11e5-80db-2da6aa7965ac.png)

### More info at a glance

- [Makes file headers sticky underneath the pull request header](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81981/28682784-78bac340-72fe-11e7-9386-bdbab7703693.gif)
- [Shows user's full name in comments](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/16172068/0a67b98c-3580-11e6-92f0-6fc930ee17d1.png)
- [Differentiates merge commits from regular commits](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/14101222/2fe2c24a-f5bd-11e5-8b1f-4e589917d4c4.png)
- [Adds labels to comments by the original poster](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4331946/25075520/d62fbbd0-2316-11e7-921f-ab736dc3522e.png)

### Declutter

- Hides other users starring/forking your repos from the news feed ([optional](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27267240-9d2e18c8-54d9-11e7-8a64-971af9e066f3.png))
- Moves the dashboard organization switcher to the right column
- Removes annoying hover effect in the repo file browser
- Removes the comment box toolbar
- Removes tooltips
- Removes the "Projects" repo tab when there are no projects (New projects can be created on the "Settings" tab)

### UI improvements

- [Improves readability of tab indented code](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/14170088/d3be931e-f755-11e5-8edf-c5f864336382.png)
- [Aligns labels to the left in Issues and PRs lists](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/28006237-070b8214-6581-11e7-94bc-2b01a007d00b.png)
- Prompts you when pressing `Cancel` on an inline comment in case it was a mistake
- Easier copy-pasting from diffs by making +/- signs unselectable
- Automagically expands the news feed when you scroll down
- Shows the reactions popover on hover instead of click
- Changes the default sort order of milestones to "Closest due date"

And [lots](extension/content.css) [more...](src/content.js)

### More shortcuts

- [Adds a 'Releases' tab to repos](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13136797/16d3f0ea-d64f-11e5-8a45-d771c903038f.png) *(<kbd>g</kbd> <kbd>r</kbd> hotkey)*
- [Adds a 'Compare' tab to repos](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501134-cf0a2a18-586b-11e7-8430-22f33030e923.png)
- [Adds navigation to milestone pages](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/25217211/37b67aea-25d0-11e7-8482-bead2b04ee74.png)
- [Adds search filter for 'Everything commented by you'](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501170-f394a304-586b-11e7-92d8-d92d6922356b.png)
- [Adds `Yours` button to Issues/Pull Requests page](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/170270/27501189-1b914bbe-586c-11e7-8e1e-b3ffd8b767fa.png)
- [Condenses long URLs into references like _user/repo/.file@`d71718d`_](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27252232-8fdf8ed0-538b-11e7-8f19-12d317c9cd32.png)
- Adds a `Trending` link to the global navbar. *(<kbd>g</kbd> <kbd>t</kbd> hotkey)*

### Previously part of Refined GitHub

- ~~[Adds blame links for parent commits in blame view](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/2#issuecomment-189141373)~~ [Implemented by GitHub](https://github.com/blog/2304-navigate-file-history-faster-with-improved-blame-view)
- ~~[Adds ability to collapse/expand files in a pull request diff](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/13954167/40caa604-f072-11e5-89ba-3145217c4e28.png)~~ [Implemented by GitHub](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/170270/25772137/6a6b678e-3296-11e7-97c7-02e31ef17743.png)


### Community tweaks

*Stuff that didn't get included, but might be useful.*

- [Quickly edit files in the repo file browser](https://github.com/devkhan/refined-github/commit/51fdf4998fc9392950e932e18018fda870f34666)


## Contribute

We're happy to receive suggestions and contributions, but be aware this is a highly opinionated project. There's [a single commonly-requested option](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1402241/27267240-9d2e18c8-54d9-11e7-8a64-971af9e066f3.png) but we're not interested in adding more as it's a slippery slope into adding one for everything. Users will always disagree with something. That being said, we're open to discussing things.


## Customization

While this project is highly opinionated, this doesn't necessarily limit you from manually disabling functionality that is not useful for your workflow. Options include:

1. *(CSS Only)* Use a Chrome extension that allows injecting custom styles into sites, based on a URL pattern. [Stylist](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylish/fjnbnpbmkenffdnngjfgmeleoegfcffe?hl=en) is one such tool. [Example](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/issues/136#issuecomment-204072018)

2. Clone the repository, make the adjustments you need, and [load the unpacked extension in Chrome](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/getstarted#unpacked), rather than installing from the Chrome Store.


## Development

To run it locally, you'll need to build it with:

```sh
# Build once
npm run build
```

```sh
# Build every time a file changes
npm run watch
```

Once built, load it in the browser.

### Chrome

1. Visit `chrome://extensions/` in Chrome
2. Enable the **Developer mode**
3. Click on **Load unpacked extension**
4. Select the folder `extension`

### Firefox

1. Visit `about:debugging#addons` in Firefox
2. Click on **Load Temporary Add-on**
3. Select the file `extension/manifest.json`


## Related

- [Refined Wikipedia](https://github.com/ismamz/refined-wikipedia) - Like this, but for Wikipedia
- [Notifier for GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/notifier-for-github-chrome) - Shows your notification unread count
- [Hide Files on GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/hide-files-on-github) - Hides dotfiles from the file browser
- [Show All GitHub Issues](https://github.com/sindresorhus/show-all-github-issues) - Shows both Issues and Pull Requests in the Issues tab
- [Contributors on GitHub](https://github.com/hzoo/contributors-on-github) - Shows stats about contributors
- [Twitter for GitHub](https://github.com/bevacqua/twitter-for-github) - Shows a user's Twitter handle on their profile page
- [GifHub](https://github.com/DrewML/GifHub) - Quickly insert GIFs in comments
- [Octo Linker](https://github.com/octo-linker/chrome-extension/) - Navigate across files and packages
- [Awesome browser extensions for GitHub](https://github.com/stefanbuck/awesome-browser-extensions-for-github) - Awesome list
- [OctoEdit](https://github.com/DrewML/OctoEdit) - Markdown syntax highlighting in comments
- [GitHub Clean Feed](https://github.com/bfred-it/github-clean-feed) - Group news feed events by repo
- [Do Not Merge WIP for GitHub](https://github.com/sanemat/do-not-merge-wip-for-github) - Prevents merging of incomplete PRs

Want more? Here are some ideas you could develop!

- [Notification Previews for GitHub](https://github.com/sindresorhus/module-requests/issues/100)
- [Format JS code blocks with Prettier](https://github.com/sindresorhus/module-requests/issues/99)
- [Customize the font of code blocks](https://github.com/sindresorhus/module-requests/issues/97)


## Created by

- [Sindre Sorhus](https://github.com/sindresorhus)
- [Haralan Dobrev](https://github.com/hkdobrev)
- [Paul Molluzzo](https://github.com/paulmolluzzo)
- [Andrew Levine](https://github.com/DrewML)
- [Kees Kluskens](https://github.com/SpaceK33z)
- [Jonas Gierer](https://github.com/jgierer12)
- [Federico Brigante](https://github.com/bfred-it)
- [Contributors…](https://github.com/sindresorhus/refined-github/graphs/contributors)


## License

MIT
